Feat: New RSS package! (#430)
withastro/docs: src/pages/en/guides/environment-variables.md

PUBLIC_ANYBODY=there
```

> In this example, `PUBLIC_ANYBODY` (accessible via `import.meta.env.PUBIC_ANYBODY`) will be available in server or client code, while `SECRET_PASSWORD` (accessible via `import.meta.env.SECRET_PASSWORD`) will be server-side only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, `PUBLIC_ANYBODY` (accessible via `<ImportMetaEnv path=".PUBLIC_ANYBODY" />`) will be available in server or client code, while `SECRET_PASSWORD` (accessible via `<ImportMetaEnv path=".SECRET_PASSWORD" />`) will be server-side only.
```
We'll need to use the fancy new component to render this expression properly. :nail_care:

## Default environment Variables

Astro includes a few environment variables out-of-the-box:

> - `import.meta.env.MODE ('development' | 'production')`: the mode your site is running in. This is `development` when running `astro dev` and `production` when running `astro build`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `<ImportMetaEnv path=".MODE" /> ('development' | 'production')`: the mode your site is running in. This is `development` when running `astro dev` and `production` when running `astro build`.
```

> - `import.meta.env.BASE_URL (string)`: the base url your site is being served from. This is determined by the [base config option](/en/reference/configuration-reference/#base).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `<ImportMetaEnv path=".BASE_URL" /> (string)`: the base url your site is being served from. This is determined by the [base config option](/en/reference/configuration-reference/#base).
```

> - `import.meta.env.PROD (boolean)`: whether your site is running in production.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `<ImportMetaEnv path=".PROD" /> (boolean)`: whether your site is running in production.
```

> - `import.meta.env.DEV (boolean)`: whether your site is running in development (always the opposite of `import.meta.env.PROD`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `<ImportMetaEnv path=".DEV" /> (boolean)`: whether your site is running in development (always the opposite of `import.meta.env.PROD`).
```

> - `import.meta.env.SITE (string)`: [The `site` option](/en/reference/configuration-reference/#site) specified in your project's `astro.config`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `<ImportMetaEnv path=".SITE" /> (string)`: [The `site` option](/en/reference/configuration-reference/#site) specified in your project's `astro.config`.
```
